# CS210
# Corner Grocer Item Tracker
# Developed By John Miller

This Project uses class encapsulation to read a text file and populate a map, with each unique word being a key and the frequency of occurrences being the value.
The program writes the key-value pairs on a .dat file for backup. The program includes a main menu that allows case-insensitive searches of items returning their frequency. The main menu also has the option to print all key-value pairs and the key-value pairs represented in a histogram, with each '*' representing one occurrence of the item.
The code uses abstraction well, hiding the functionality from the user. The function to read and write the file is called upon opening the program without input from the user. The Main() function is limited, only holding a call to read/write the files and a switch to catch failures. The main loop only calls two functions; a helper function carries out the rest of the code, increasing the encapsulation.
This code, while achieving everything it intends to, could be improved. Some functions do more than one thing, so to increase readability and encapsulation, they could be broken into smaller tasks that achieve the same goals. This may decrease the efficiency of the code but would increase the ability for this code to be maintained. As I learn and develop my programming skills, I will create other techniques to improve this code vastly.
I had to rely on many resources to gain the skills and knowledge necessary to complete this Project. A C++ map made sense for the project because it stores unique key and value pairs. Maps in C++ are similar to dictionaries in Python, with which I have experience. The syntax revolving maps are concrete; this was my first opportunity to work with them. Therefore, online resources were a tremendous help. The website geeksforgeeks.org has various resources explaining the syntax of different coding languages. StackOverflow was also an enormous help. I am also becoming proficient at using AI tools to help me grasp concepts I am struggling with.
The ability to write clean, functioning code will aid me tremendously as I pursue becoming a proficient developer. The ability to leverage online resources such as databases or AI will also be a tremendous asset. No one can memorize everything, but identifying the correct answer quickly is an invaluable skill.
I made the program maintainable, readable, and adaptable by practicing best coding practices. I made the program modular by encapsulating the functionality in classes and functions. I also ensured the code was well commented on with concise, logical explanations. 
